Added : New guide for RN In-App Messaging (#19)
chintannp/docs: src/fragments/lib/in-app-messaging/js/getting-started.mdx

Make sure you have completed the below steps:

- [Completed the pre-requisite steps.](/lib/in-app-messaging/prerequisites)
- [Create a campaign from the pinpoint console.](/lib/in-app-messaging/create-campaigns)

## Integrate your application

In your application directory, you should first Install necessary dependencies.Although Amplify In-App Messaging can be used as a standalone JavaScript library, the only UI integration currently available is only for _React Native_. The integrations steps here assume a React Native application as the implementation target.

```js
npm install aws-amplify@in-app-messaging &&
npm install aws-amplify-react-native@in-app-messaging &&

> npm install amazon-cognito-identity-js @react-native-community/netinfo @react-native-async-storage/async-storage

Reviewer: We need to add the community `Picker` to the list of external deps:
```suggestion
npm install amazon-cognito-identity-js @react-native-community/netinfo @react-native-async-storage/async-storage @react-native-picker/picker
```

```

Below is an example of what your `App.tsx` file should look like:

```js
import React, { useEffect } from 'react';
import { SafeAreaView, Button } from 'react-native';
import { Analytics, Notifications } from 'aws-amplify';
import {
  InAppMessagingProvider,
  InAppMessageDisplay
} from 'aws-amplify-react-native';

const { InAppMessaging } = Notifications;

// To display your in-app message, make sure this event name matches one you created
// in an in-app messaging campaign!
const myFirstEvent = { name: 'my_first_event' };

const App = () => {
  useEffect(() => {
    // Messages from your campaigns need to be synced from backend before they
    // can be displayed. You can trigger this anywhere in your app. Here, we are
    // syncing just once when this component (your app) renders for the first time.
    InAppMessaging.syncMessages();
  }, []);

  return (
    <SafeAreaView>
      <InAppMessagingProvider>
        {/* This button has an example of an analytics event triggering the In-App Message. */}
        <Button
          onPress={() => {
            Analytics.record(myFirstEvent);
          }}
          title="Record Analytics Event"
        />

>         {/* This button has an example of an In-app Messaging event triggering the In-App Message.*/}

Reviewer: Typo: `In-app Messaging` -> `In-App Messaging`

        <Button
          onPress={() => {
            InAppMessaging.dispatchEvent(myFirstEvent);
          }}
          title="Send In-App Messaging Event"
        />

        <InAppMessageDisplay />
      </InAppMessagingProvider>
    </SafeAreaView>
  );
};

export default App;
```

> You can now build and run your app by running `npx react-native run-ios` or `npx react-native run-android` in your terminal. If you click on one of the buttons shown in the above example, the message shown in the pinpoint preview section should be the same as the In-App message in your app.

Reviewer: Typo: `In-App message` -> `In-App Message`

Make sure you have completed the below steps:

- [Completed the pre-requisite steps.](/lib/in-app-messaging/prerequisites)
- [Create a campaign from the pinpoint console.](/lib/in-app-messaging/create-campaigns)

## Integrate your application

In your application directory, you should first Install necessary dependencies.Although Amplify In-App Messaging can be used as a standalone JavaScript library, the only UI integration currently available is only for _React Native_. The integrations steps here assume a React Native application as the implementation target.

```bash
npm install aws-amplify@in-app-messaging aws-amplify-react-native@in-app-messaging amazon-cognito-identity-js @react-native-community/netinfo @react-native-async-storage/async-storage @react-native-picker/picker
```

You will also need to install pod dependencies for `iOS`. Navigate the the ios directory in your project and run the install command.

```bash
pod install
```

> The AWS SDK requires React Native applications to polyfill `crypto.getRandomValues` and `URL`. Import it at the top of your application's root entry point. For example, `index.js`.
> ```js
> import 'react-native-get-random-values';
> import 'react-native-url-polyfill/auto';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS SDK requires React Native applications to polyfill `crypto.getRandomValues` and `URL`. Import it at the top of your application's root entry point (in most React Native apps this will be the top level `index.js`).

```js
// Example index.js
import 'react-native-get-random-values';
import 'react-native-url-polyfill/auto';

import { AppRegistry } from 'react-native';
import App from './App';
import { name as appName } from './app.json';

AppRegistry.registerComponent(appName, () => App);
```
```

Next, you should import and load the `aws-exports.js` configuration file created and modified in an earlier step into your application. Add the Amplify configuration step to your application’s root entry point. For example, `index.js`.

```js
import Amplify from 'aws-amplify';
import awsconfig from './src/aws-exports';

Amplify.configure(awsconfig);
```

Finally, integrate the Amplify React Native UI components for In-App Messaging in your application’s root component. For example, `App.jsx`.

```jsx
import {
  InAppMessagingProvider,
  InAppMessageDisplay
} from 'aws-amplify-react-native';

const App = () => (
  <InAppMessagingProvider>
    {/* Your application */}
    <InAppMessageDisplay />
  </InAppMessagingProvider>
);
```

Now your application is set up with Amplify In-App Messaging. To interact with Amplify In-App Messaging APIs, you will first need to import the `Notifications` category.

```js
import { Notifications } from 'aws-amplify';
```

The In-App Messaging feature is a subcategory of Notifications. To make it easier to access throughout your application, you can de-structure it.

```js
const { InAppMessaging } = Notifications;
```

> Below is an example of what your `App.tsx` file should look like:

Reviewer: Should we be assuming that users Typescript? Think for getting started it may make more sense to use vanilla JS

## Integrate your application

In your application directory, you should first Install necessary dependencies.Although Amplify In-App Messaging can be used as a standalone JavaScript library, the only UI integration currently available is only for _React Native_. The integrations steps here assume a React Native application as the implementation target.

```bash
npm install aws-amplify@in-app-messaging aws-amplify-react-native@in-app-messaging amazon-cognito-identity-js @react-native-community/netinfo @react-native-async-storage/async-storage @react-native-picker/picker
```

You will also need to install pod dependencies for `iOS`. Navigate the the ios directory in your project and run the install command.

```bash
pod install
```
The AWS SDK requires React Native applications to polyfill `crypto.getRandomValues` and `URL`. Import it at the top of your application's root entry point (in most React Native apps this will be the top level `index.js`).

```js
// Example index.js
import 'react-native-get-random-values';
import 'react-native-url-polyfill/auto';

import { AppRegistry } from 'react-native';
import App from './App';
import { name as appName } from './app.json';

> AppRegistry.registerComponent(appName, () => App);

Reviewer: The closing tag for this code block was not added by the github suggestion @chintannp can you please add manually?

Author: added the closing tag.
